
2. Look for other possible trouble spots such as stdint.h int32_t int16_t etc
and set up a common.h header to deal with these problems.  -- I'll wait until these things come up before I worry about them.

- might ought to verify that bootstrap is running within the toplevel directory
and move it into config

-- See if things might possibly work with -O2 set. Decide if we should be using 
-O2 or not.

- Don't get mad at me.... :)   But, I added another directory under misc called
  CNestedDataFile.  This is the class I talked about for storing information
  about an action's parameters so the same parameters can be used at a later
  date.  I guess it needs to have a convenience library built for it too.  
  The only thing out of the ordinary is that it uses flex and bison... I would
  be really surprised if there aren't already automake macros that test for
  these.  I checked in a t.cpp and little script 'a' which compiles t.cpp (the
  test) just so you can see how it needs to compile.  I don't mean to leave
  these two little files in for long.. Just so long as you see what needs to be
  done.  And if you run 'a' to compile and then run the resulting binary, 't'
  it will give an error that it cannot open the data file... That is to be 
  expected.  
  I went ahead and added this because using I didn't even see a way in CommonC++'s
  XML classes to write data files, only read them.  Plus it would have required
  linking with yet another library, libxml2.  So this was already written and
  has been tested for some time and I'll use it.
  And one more note, the makefile (as does 'a') needs to run bison on the .y
  and flex on the .l but there is no need to compile or add to the library the
  resulting cfg.lex.c file from flex because I actually #include that .c file in 
  the .y file which thus gets included in bison's resulting cfg.tab.c file.
    If that causes a problem, I can easily modify it to behave normally
    And, the clean target for this Makefile needs to delete those two .c files
    since they are actually generated


    --provide substitute functions for strerror, strdup and strtol (These may be missing for some platforms)  Check GNU libiberty (ftp://sourceware.cygnus.com/pub/binutils/) or libit(http://www.iro.umontreal.ca/~pinard/libit/) for fallback functions.
