
In addition to what's listed in the INSTALL doc...

   The subversion sources do not come with a configure script, but all the requirements to make configure are contained in the sources. 

   In order to make the configure script you should have installed:

	m4-1.4 (or higher)
	autoconf-2.53 (or higher)
   	automake-1.6.3 (or higher)
	libtool-1.4.2 (or higher)
	pkgconfig-0.12.0 (or higher)
	gettext-0.11.5 (or higher)
	autopoint

	These minimum version numbers may not be exactly right.  The version numbers listed have worked for me and a few others on particular distros.  Even though it should not be the case, I have come across users with different distros where they had to have higher versions than the minumums listed here.

	{ Some notes about using Redhat 9
		* If you run Redhat 9 with all libraries installed, chances are that you already have most of these libraries installed except gettext 0.11.5. 
		* It is recommended to install this library from the source tarball rather than from the RPM to minimize dependencies with glibc.
	}

	{ Some notes about using Redhat 7.3

		* gettext: compile from .tar.gz, installing the .rpm will not work because of dependencies on glibc;
		* Some packages may already be up to date, check this with the --version switch of the tools
		* The other packages will be available on www.rpmfind.net. Although you will not find up-to-date packages for redhat 7.3, however the redhat 8.0 packages will install fine.
	}

   Then, from the top source directory, run the bootstrap script. This will create the configure script. Now you can follow the instructions in INSTALL for normal build.

   When running bootstrap IF aclocal complains that one or more macros are not defined in the library, then it may be necessary to modify or create a dirlist file for aclocal to know where to look for .m4 files
   	- run 'aclocal --print-ac-dir'
	- then create or edit a file called 'dirlist' in that directory
	- add a line containing the path to the directory that contains the .m4 file that does have the macro definition for the undefined macro that aclocal complained about
   This gives other paths to the .m4 files that contain any macro definitions that need to be found by aclocal


   bison and flex will also be necessary if compiling from subversion


